-------------Conclusion----------------
Ratings seem to be the most robust distribution
to build the recommendation engine: 
Here are a few insights that you can gather based on the previous results:

->The distribution for the rating count per movie is “better” spread compared to the rating count per user
->At least a user has rated 2391 movies, and the top 10 users have rated more than 1000 movies each (look at megahubs)
->3063 movies have a single rating (look at minimum support) 
->Users are mostly rating movies they liked compared to the one they dislike
->Only one third of the rating notations uses half star notations

!!!!
Using the rating count distribution per users results, 
especially the average and median metric and the standard deviation, 
you can assess that the distribution is skewed and that we have some outliers users 
(remember the top 10 users rated more than 1000 movies each, when the average is 274, and the median is 174).
We also need to care for the minimum support as minimum a substantial population of movies have only one rating.


Definitions: 
4 sigma rule: applying basic stats onto the dataset we can say that 4*stdev include 99.9% of the dataset 
we thus consider as outliners nodes who have more than 4 times the stdev. 

minimum support: (Internet definition) 
Defines the number of links between a pair of items. For example, with transaction between users and products,
if the minimum support to link a pair of product is 10, then we will need to find 10 users who bought both products
to be able to create a link between products.

megahub: 
We consider a node to be a mega-hub when the number of links to other node is above a threshold. 
Theses node are usually excluded from analysis as they can severely impact the quality of a model.

For example if we try to analyze grocery receipts, you can agree that many customer will “buy” a plastic bags 
(at least in France because we have a tendency to leave them in the car). But as an item it doesn’t make sense
to use it as it will be linked to many users and therefore many other items.
